# Intercom on jobs-to-be-done

Annotation summary:

--- Page 15 ---



The four forces

The ReWired Group have identified four forces pushing and pulling customers away from making a purchase. In our mattress scenario, the forces are:

· The push of what is happening currently: “This mattress is pretty uncomfortable. I'm waking up multiple times in the night with back pain.” · The pull of a new solution: “If I get a new mattress, I can sleep better. I'll be in a better mood at home and at work.” · The anxiety of what could happen: “What if the new mattress turns out to be just as bad as the old one? I can only try it out for a few moments in the store.” · The attachment to what you currently have: “I've had this mattress since college.”

Our reasons for buying software can lean more toward business goals like increasing engagement or revenue, rather than personal goals like increasing overall happiness (though if software is well-designed, it can do both). You could argue for software, the purchase decision can be influenced by multiple previous purchases rather than just the push factors of the current tool. In a software scenario, the forces are:

· The push of what is happening currently: “We're not converting users at a rate that we'd like. We can't afford to keep paying so much per month for this tool.” · The pull of a new solution: “If we switch to a new tool that has more features around conversion, we can start hitting our targets.” · The anxiety of what could happen: “What if the new tool doesn't integrate as well as we'd like? We've tried three other tools for this job and none have been good enough.” · The attachment to what you currently have: “We've got workflows and integrations set-up and it'd be a pain to get them set up again.”

(report generated by GoodReader)

Sent from my iPad

[OPEN IN SPARK](readdle-spark://bl=QTphbGV4YW5kZXIucG90ZW1raW5AZ21haWwuY29tO0lEOjVBNjg0OTk2LTFGMzkt%0D%0ANDY2RS05OTU3LUREMjU1QTMwNTUxMUBtZS5jb207Z0lEOjE2ODE1MjU0OTEzNDg5%0D%0ANTMwNDE7MTM5OTQ3Mzk1Ng%3D%3D)